Docs: Add error tracking to JS and Python libraries (#10469)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/python/index.mdx

We strongly recommend reading our docs on [alias](/docs/product-analytics/identify#alias-assigning-multiple-distinct-ids-to-the-same-user) to best understand how to correctly use this method.

## Group analytics

Group analytics allows you to associate an event with a group (e.g. teams, organizations, etc.). Read the [Group Analytics](/docs/user-guides/group-analytics) guide for more information.

> > **Note: ** This is a paid feature and is not available on the open-source or free cloud plan. Learn more [here](/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note: ** This is a paid feature and is not available on the open-source or free cloud plan. Learn more on our [pricing](/pricing) page.
```
